independent and identically distributed right. So, the basic assumption that every NL module always gives the data distribution is independent and identically distributed. What does that mean IID? So, independent means every sample is independent, every sample is independently collected right and this goes to basic probability probability of drawing the sample. So, if I am picking up let us say this classroom the students in this classroom are my data it is not that I am doing that arrange every student in alphabetical order or arrange every student as per their height or length of their hair or something of that sort. That would not be you know independent distribution, that will be biased. That sampling that I would do it will be biased in some ways right. So, it has to be first of all independent and then what do we mean by identical? Identical means every data set is collected sorry every right. It should not happen that I am collecting, I have 100 data points and I am collecting 20 from somewhere which follows a normal 20 from somewhere which follows a chi-square, 20 from somewhere which follows a Poisson. That should not happen. So, all the data or for that matter even normal distribution. It is a normal distribution, but it follows different kind of meaning variables. One is a multi Gaussian, one is a single Gaussian, that those kinds of variations should not happen. So, it follows a independent and identically Now, when we are saying that then we assume that we know the data distribution, but then we still say alpha distribution. So, what is the problem there? We are saying it is IID, my model is doing for IID, but problem I am not asking in OD. What is OD? Auto distribution, that is a major challenge. Now, what is OD? Why is it OD? Why do we say that? Model is not trained on it. The problem comes in because often times we do not know what is a data distribution, right. Why we do not know what is a data distribution? Because let us say we did a mean sampling I want to build a face recognition system for entire IIT Jodhpur, but what I did? I took data samples from since processing class. What is the difference? IIT Jodhpur is does not only contain students with this development. We have elderly people, we have senior professors, we have young kids, we have school students also, we have very small kids also, right. does not necessarily conform to data distribution or the same as a data distribution in the IORI distribution. So, any model that I would train for a subset which is not properly selected has a limitation of the model that is trained on this subset does not work properly on the becomes a problem, right. But what I am talking about here is and when I say what do we see? Meanable differences or a robust variable variation. So, what happens is it should be sensitive to the variations that are happening anywhere and it should be sensitive to the class details also. But oftentimes what we do is if we do I will just elaborate on that the data distribution that I selected, I get an example that is calculated from IPJP students right, from some classes in students. But my first year diversity is a lot more different, you know first year diversity or any other kind of diversity is a lot more different. So, my model does not fold right and then there are within a class right, within any male and female, ok. So, I said my distribution is male and female, but did not get male and female. So, I ensure that my accuracies are good, I am getting non-reversible accuracy. So, somebody said let me look into subgroup also, is more performance good across male and female, ok. So, so that I look and my accuracies are ok, right. But then within what is the performance for small kids, what is the performance for teenagers, for adults and then what is the performance for younger kids. These are all pretty good subgroups and any of these subgroups sub subgroups in this case male female. So, overall class male female and then within male female I have this age wise subgroups. it might be unbalanced across subgroups. So, males ka data zyaga hai, girls ka data elderly ka data zyaga hai, adults ka data zyaga hai, I do not have kids, right. People might be I have more data on elderly, I have more data on kids, but I do not have sufficient data on adults. So, any kind of unbalanced representation might happen. If any kind of unbalanced representation happens, that means, it has a possibility performance? If I look at class wise details, right. So, any kind of these trivial differences that come in or sensitivities that come in. So, we should be aware of that and whatever model or accuracies that we are kind of computing should consider, should take cognizance of those subgroups, those sampling distributions also, right. We and it becomes a lot more So, today we are, we are talking about using audio for depression detection, Alzheimer's detection, schizophrenia, all of those mental disorders, right. So, if you are talking about autism, if you are talking about all of that, then it should not happen that any specific subgroup is underrepresented or the archivists are not computed in a proper manner, right. it has to be sensitive to all of those variations that we are talking about ok. So, these are the requirements of a good evaluation frameworks for audio. So, let us take a look at some of the some of the metrics that we have for specific classification tasks right. So, we have one of the one of the tasks that we said that we will discuss in the course of this class is speaker verification and audio classification right. Now, what So, verification is the example that I told you in the morning and somebody remind me. 18. 18, right. So, I am trying to identify who is the speaker and it is two class kind of a problem. It can be sorry, it can be modeled to two different things. It can be modeled as a binary classification problem where ATM team came in that whether So, my audio is matching, what is the second grade can be can be audited, look for attendance. So, I just have an audio sample let us say law enforcement people track evidence for audio physical evidence how do people do audio? Memory. Say that again Farah. Memory audits. So, then it is a n class problem, I have I have multiple identities in my audio and in So, the reason I am switching on my camera is I wanted to write something on the code. Is the group visible to you guys only? Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. Thank you. So, one big side is verification what is verification, verification is a R 2 plus property ok. So, one is ah. So, we can say one is not and the other is non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non-non